add explanation about component containers. (#4902)
ros2/ros2_documentation: source/Concepts/Intermediate/About-Composition.rst

Additionally ``ros2 launch`` can be used to automate these actions through specialized launch actions.

> .. _ComponentContainerTypes:

Reviewer: Shouldn't this one be `_ComponentContainer` and the tutorial section be`_ComponentContainerTypes`?

Author: it actually explains the types of component container, but it would be better to align with section title. lets do that.

Component Container
-------------------

A component container is a host process that allows you to load and manage multiple components at runtime within the same process space.

As of now, the following generic component container types are available:

* `component_container <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container.cpp>`__

  * The most generic component container that uses a single ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` to execute all components.

* `component_container_mt <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container_mt.cpp>`__

  * Component container that uses a single ``MultiThreadedExecutor`` to execute the components.

* `component_container_isolated <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container_isolated.cpp>`__

  * Component container that uses a dedicated executor for each component: either ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` (default) or ``MultiThreadedExecutor``.

> For more information about the types of executors, see the :ref:`TypesOfExecutors`.

Reviewer: As mentioned in https://github.com/ros2/ros2_documentation/pull/4902#discussion_r1890926797, I would also link to the `Component Container Types` section from `Tutorials/Intermediate/Composition.rst` here.

```suggestion
For more information about the types of executors, see the :ref:`TypesOfExecutors`.
For more information about the option of each component container, see :ref:`ComponentContainerTypes` in the composition tutorial.
```

Additionally ``ros2 launch`` can be used to automate these actions through specialized launch actions.

> Component container

Reviewer: to be consistent with the other section titles:

```suggestion
Component Container
```

Reviewer: Also, I would link to the _Component container types_ tutorial section somewhere in this section.

-------------------

> Component container is a host process that allows you to load and manage multiple components at runtime within the same process space.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A component container is a host process that allows you to load and manage multiple components at runtime within the same process space.
```

> This enables better performance and memory efficiency because it avoids inter-process communication overhead when nodes interact.

Reviewer: This part (i.e., benefits of putting components together in a single process) is already explained above. I would stick to just talking about the container itself.

```suggestion
```

> As of now, these are generic component container types available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of now, the following generic component container types are available:
```

> * `component_container <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container.cpp>`__

Reviewer: What about using a numbered list here?

Author: this is not step-by-step procedure, so i think bullet points are just fine.

>   * The most generic component container that uses a single ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` to execute all components including component container itself.

Reviewer: I believe you're referring to the component manager here (`rclcpp_components::ComponentManager`), not the component container (i.e., the process).

```suggestion
  * The most generic component container that uses a single ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` to execute all components including the component manager itself.
```

Same thing for the other containers below.

_However_, I might simply avoid mentioning the component manager, since we don't really explain what it is, and don't really need to, since this is just a concepts page:

```suggestion
  * The most generic component container that uses a single ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` to execute all components.
```

Same thing for the other containers below.

* `component_container_mt <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container_mt.cpp>`__

>   * Component container that uses a single ``MultiThreadedExecutor`` to execute the components including component container itself.
>   * ``thread_num`` parameter option is available to specify the number of threads in ``MultiThreadedExecutor``.

Reviewer: I think we might not want to actually mention the names of the options in the concepts article. I would do that in the tutorial section you added, i.e., mention the names of the options in the text, not just in the example command.

Also, I would avoid saying "single" just to avoid confusing people:

```suggestion
  * Component container that uses a ``MultiThreadedExecutor`` with a configurable number of threads to execute the components including component container itself.
```

Same for `component_container_isolated` below.

* `component_container_isolated <https://github.com/ros2/rclcpp/blob/{REPOS_FILE_BRANCH}/rclcpp_components/src/component_container_isolated.cpp>`__

  * Component container that uses a dedicated executor for each component: either ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` (default) or ``MultiThreadedExecutor``.

For more information about the types of executors, see the :ref:`TypesOfExecutors`.

> For more information about the option of each component container, see :ref:`ComponentContainerTypes` in the composition tutorial.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about the options of each component container, see :ref:`ComponentContainerTypes` in the composition tutorial.
```

My bad, sorry!

Author: @christophebedard fixed!

>   * Component container with dedicated either ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` (default) or  ``MultiThreadedExecutor`` executors for each component. (Component container is executed by ``SingleThreadedExecutor``)
>   * ``--use_multi_threaded_executor`` argument specifies executor type used for each component to ``MultiThreadedExecutor``.

Reviewer: To match my suggestions above:

```suggestion
  * Component container using a dedicated executor for each component: either ``SingleThreadedExecutor`` (default) or ``MultiThreadedExecutor``.
```

> See more details for :doc:`Types of Executors <../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Executors>`.

Author: maybe better?

```suggestion
You can find types of executors :doc:`here <../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Executors>`.
```

Reviewer: Maybe something like:

```suggestion
For more information about the types of executors, see the :doc:`executors concepts page <../../Concepts/Intermediate/About-Executors>`.
```
